Hi guys, what's up? So today I wanna make a video where I speak all the languages that I know. This means 15 languages, actually.

which is a lot. Of course, I don't know all the languages at a very good level. Actually I know some of these languages at a C1 level,

other ones at a lower level. So I will try to make my best, I haven't prepared anything, I'm just improvising.

and I hope that the result will be good enough.

What I'd like from you is your precious feedback about how good or how bad I speak these languages.

So, let's start!

I speak Bulgarian because I've spent some months in Plovdiv.

This is a beautiful city in South Bulgaria.

And Bulgarian is a very beautiful language to me because it's close to Russian

and therefore is not that difficult for me to learn.

and now I'm continuing to learn it because I want to improve it.

How do I learn Bulgarian?

It's quite easy: I watch videos, movies, series and I like it.

I also speak Catalan and I love it. To be honest, I like all the languages that I know because otherwise I wouldn't learn them.

but I must say Catalan is one of the languages I like the most

because I like the thing that it's very similar to Italian and Lombard

the local language of my area

I learn Catalan by watching programs, series and movies

I keep watching programs in this language

I still haven't been to Barcelona, Valencia or the Balearic Islands but I hope to do it soon, so to practice with people.

I speak a bit of Farsi. The Persian language is very beautiful.

I'm learning it because I want to go to Iran.

I think Iran is very beautiful and interesting.

and I'm learning Farsi with a coursebook

a book about Persian grammar

but I also have an Iranian friend with whom I speak Persian

Every time I make a video in French I say this is a difficult language for me to speak.

I honestly don't know why.

because actually French is very similar to Italian, it shares the Latin origin.

but whenever I speak French I make a lot of mistakes

and I don't feel easy when speaking French

this is a pity because I think French is a beautiful language

and I love France... so, it's a mistery, yeah

I must say it's like this unfortunately!

but I like this language and I'm trying to speak better

Unfortunately, I've almost forgotten Greek because I don't speak much Greek

and I still haven't been to Greece

but I really like Greek

I think Greek is beautiful and I wanna go to Greece, I wanna see Athens

Thessaloniki, the Mount Olympos, etc. I'd also wanna go to Chrete

but before going to Greece I must learn Greek again because I don't speak it as much as I would like to

right, you'll have probably understood that I'm switching between languages in an alphabetical order 

but I've already spoken English at the beginning, so now I'm speaking Italian

which is my native language, so, I feel like I can just move on

so, let's pass to Lombard. What can I say?

Whenever I speak Lombard I say that I've never learned it because you can't study it in school.

and I'm sorry about this because I think it'd be cool to learn it in school

but luckily, I've heard it being spoken by my parents and grandparents, well, by the elderly people

so I could listen and learn many things

I'm sorry there's no Lombard-speaking TV nor literature, there's nothing

there's only Davide Van De Sfroos, a Lombard singer. This is already something.

Portuguese is one of the first languages I decided to learn when I was younger, about 15 years old.

It's a language I really like. Now I'm not learning it anymore.

But I keep on improving it by watching Brazilian or Portuguese TV

I like a lot Portuguese programs like "Portugueses pelo mundo"

or Brazilian series like a cool one

called "Sintonia"

I'm a big fan of this series. And I've just finished to watch a documentary about Madeira

and I wanna visit this island close to Africa because I think it's a paradise on earth.

but I think you know that my favorite language ever is Romanian.

I'm really happy I can speak it quite well because I've been several times to Romania and Moldova 

and I can practice Romanian daily at work because I teach German in a school where there's a cleanup crew

from Romania, i.e. the people are Romanians

and so every day this means that I can practice my Romanian with them and this is very good

plus, I watch many videos

and I love listening to music e.g. DJ Project or Andra

I love them. And I'd love to get back to Romania as soon as possible.

I'm happy I can speak fluently in Russian

which is one of my favorite languages

I even love Russia and Russian speaking countries

where I often travel to

thanks to the fact that I reached a good command of Russian, I can work as a Russian teacher for Italian speakers

and I like it, I teach Russian online

and it's awesome, I like helping Italians in the process of learning Russian

which is difficult but beautiful because it opens many doors

well, another big love is Spanish, which I once spoke with an Argentinian accent

but now as I watch many Spanish series my accent is closer to the one of Spain

I really love Spain and I've been there only once so far, but I'm planning to there again soon

what else? I love Spanish literature and one of my favorites is Gimenez-Bartlett

whenever I can I sit on the sofa and read her books

and well, it's a language I really love and I always have fun speaking it

also, I know many Spanish-speaking polyglots with whom I can practice and I love it.

I can also speak Swedish, which is a beautiful language

and my level is not good unfortunately

but I wanna improve my knowledge

I know it's already been a lot of time that I know Swedish but I'm stuck with my current level

sadly, because I don't have enough time

to learn and improve Swedish

but when I've got time, like in the evening, I watch videos and series

e.g. "Nu kommer Amira" or "Hitta Hem" which are series for foreigners learning Swedish

and they're very cool!

as I've mentioned I'm a German language teacher and I've been studying it for many years, even at university

therefore my level is quite high

and so I can work with German

and I love German a lot

I've been many times to Germany, Austria and Switzerland

and I must say my favorite region is Baden Württemberg

especially Heidelberg and Freiburg im Breisgau, my favorite German cities

whenever I can I go there to practice

and try German food and it's really cool to be able to speak German

and finally Ukrainian! I've always loved Ukraine and Ukrainian and I've always thought it's a nice country.

but especially after the war I've decided to learn Ukrainian

and now it's my favorite language. I've already been to Ukraine

I've already been to Kiev and Lviv and want to visit Ukraine once again, all the country

learning Ukrainian is not hard because I already know Russian

which really helps

when I don't know the Ukrainian word I can use the Russian one

so, I can say I speak "Surhzyk"

that's all, see you!

right, so, that was all

I hope you enjoyed my video and that I could show you my ability to switch between languages

of course it was hard, because right now I feel a little confused actually

I don't know I have like multiple words in different languages in my mind and this is just so crazy

but I hope it was enjoyable for you to listen to my video

and I really appreciate your feedback, so please feel free to leave a comment

please, do leave a comment!

it's really important for me to read your feedback about how good or bad I speak these languages

and how to improve, what else?

if you've enjoyed my video hit the "like" button, subscribe to my channel and if you want you can 

support me on "Buy me a coffee" for the price of a single coffee (1€), you can support my channel

and that's all, really. See you soon! Bye bye

